core(view): warn about the implications of without initializing (#569)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/ProgrammingGuide/View.rst

> .. role:: cppcode(code)

Author: I appears like I've deleted the file and re-created it, but I think it's because there are so many changes that `git` thinks that's what I've done.

Author: Outdated.

6.2.3 Can I make a View of Views?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

>   NOVICES: THE ANSWER FOR YOU IS "NO."  PLEASE SKIP THIS SECTION.  

Reviewer: This is beyond the scope of this PR.  The text is not being changed, just the typeset.

Typically it is sufficient to use the parallel iteration index as the index of the location in the
view to write to.

.. warning::

  :cppkokkos:`WithoutInitialization` implies that the destructor of each element of the :cppkokkos:`View` **will not be called**.
  For instance, if the :cppkokkos:`View`'s value type is not trivially destructible,
  you **should not use** :cppkokkos:`WithoutInitialization` unless you are taking care of calling the destructor manually before the :cppkokkos:`View` deallocates its memory.

>   The mental model is that whenever placement new is used to call the constructor, the destructor also isn't called before the memory is deallocated but it needs to be called manually.

Reviewer 2: **_Suggestion_**:  maybe spell out what to do in the case of both trivially and non-trivially destructible data types, maybe even including a couple of simple code-snippet examples.  Perhaps also mention a couple of typical use cases where someone would want to use a View `WithoutInitialization`.

The sentence on line 469 is not clear, and is a little redundant with the immediately preceding statements.  It may not be necessary if the previous verbiage were sharpened up, with spelled out use cases and an couple of simple examples.

Typically it is sufficient to use the parallel iteration index as the index of the location in the
view to write to.

.. warning::

  :cppkokkos:`WithoutInitialization` implies that the destructor of each element of the :cppkokkos:`View` **will not be called**.

>   For instance, if you need the destructor of your :code:`MyObjectWithDestructor` be called for each element of your :cppkokkos:`View<MyObjectWithDestructor*>`,
>   you **should not use** :cppkokkos:`WithoutInitialization`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  For instance, if the View's value type is not trivially destructible,
  you **should not use** :cppkokkos:`WithoutInitialization` unless you are taking care of calling the destructor manually before the View deallocates its memory.
```

Author: Much better indeed.

>   The reason for that is, since `Kokkos` did not initialize the memory, it cannot know onto which elements of the :cppkokkos:`View` calling the destructor
>   of the :code:`value_type` is valid.

Reviewer 3: Maybe, rather something like
```suggestion
The mental model is that whenever placement new is used to call the constructor, the destructor also isn't called before the memory is deallocated but it needs to be be called manually.
```
Or omit it with my previous suggestion.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
